activity/events/hackathon-smart-city-xperience.md, before:

## Proposal for « Smart City Xperience » Hackathon by Open Geneva [2023]

**[Draft, not submitted]**

[Open Geneva](https://opengeneva.org/) sets up a [24-hour hackathon on smart cities](https://scx23.sparkboard.com/)
hosted by a higher education establishment ([HEG](https://www.hesge.ch/heg/en)). The idea is to submit a challenge
around this topic of smart cities while linking it to open models education (see
[coalition](https://github.com/Open-Models/ngi-coalition)).

A way of exploring the relationship between science and society in this work around open models.

### Smart city, open institutions and knowledge. How can science and education enlighten society?

The aim would be to imagine what an "open smart city" might look like in the light of these dynamics of openness around
knowledge that are taking shape with digital.

A discussion to feed the strategy around the « [Brick of Knowledge on Open Models](https://open-models.org/) » in
this work of implementing training within universities (and organisations). An opportunity to also seek to advance
open models education within different organisations, including the host structure and open geneva.

The room and debate could be inclusive to all hackathon attendees who have the time or desire to contribute, by
making the progress of exchanges and the project accessible (posters, notices, etc.). This would enable a wider range of
ideas and expertise to be put forward, as well as being a learning experience.

As these are complex subjects which shouldn't be revolutionized in 24 hours and because we're doing education, the
aim will also be to make it a learning experience for participants, in terms of open models, science, education, etc.
that can contribute to the open geneva hackathon framework (see hack the hackathon in resources).

**A hackathon for advancing the « Brick of Knowledge » through citizen debate, a learning time for hackathon attendees
while seeking to improve links with organisations for open models education.**

### Educational strategy for the hackathon

The event is an opportunity to provide education on open models in a variety of ways, a global strategy can be thought in
interaction with the whole hackathon ecosystem.

The project, the proposal during the hackathon could support education in open models for all the event's
participants, starting by core group members. By using the [faclab](https://www.faclab.org/) and deploying the [pedagogical
environment](https://zenodo.org/records/8021779) to train people and assist them in addressing these issues for their
own projects.

**A kind of open models education hub within a hackathon**, tools and practices that can be transferred to organisations
such as open geneva and faclab.

It's a way of working on this interaction between society/projects and a source of knowledge providing an opportunity
for hands-on practice to think and learn.

> The [Hack the Hackathon](https://hackthackathon.github.io/) workshops (6-10 November) will be a moment to improve the education
> strategy before the event, allowing us to think more in terms of a framework for open models education in hackathons.

### Related resources/projects

- Report Smart City Xperience 2022 « [Imagining the HEG as a skills hub for the Geneva of tomorrow](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.10013327) ». 
- Report « [Hacking the School](https://zenodo.org/records/10013549) »
- [HES-SO Centre for Scientific Information](https://www.hesge.ch/heg/en/actualites/2022/creation-du-centre-information-scientifique-hes-so) (CISO)
- [Swiss coalition on Open Education](https://openeducation.unige.ch/) + [Swiss Digital Skills Academy](https://d-skills.ch/)
- [Hack the Hackathon](https://hackthackathon.github.io/)

Commit message:

smart city Xperience: add resource Certificat of Open Studies, UNIGE

activity/events/hackathon-smart-city-xperience.md, after:

## Proposal for « Smart City Xperience » Hackathon by Open Geneva [2023]

**[Draft, not submitted]**

[Open Geneva](https://opengeneva.org/) sets up a [24-hour hackathon on smart cities](https://scx23.sparkboard.com/)
hosted by a higher education establishment ([HEG](https://www.hesge.ch/heg/en)). The idea is to submit a challenge
around this topic of smart cities while linking it to open models education (see
[coalition](https://github.com/Open-Models/ngi-coalition)).

A way of exploring the relationship between science and society in this work around open models.

### Smart city, open institutions and knowledge. How can science and education enlighten society?

The aim would be to imagine what an "open smart city" might look like in the light of these dynamics of openness around
knowledge that are taking shape with digital.

A discussion to feed the strategy around the « [Brick of Knowledge on Open Models](https://open-models.org/) » in
this work of implementing training within universities (and organisations). An opportunity to also seek to advance
open models education within different organisations, including the host structure and open geneva.

The room and debate could be inclusive to all hackathon attendees who have the time or desire to contribute, by
making the progress of exchanges and the project accessible (posters, notices, etc.). This would enable a wider range of
ideas and expertise to be put forward, as well as being a learning experience.

As these are complex subjects which shouldn't be revolutionized in 24 hours and because we're doing education, the
aim will also be to make it a learning experience for participants, in terms of open models, science, education, etc.
that can contribute to the open geneva hackathon framework (see hack the hackathon in resources).

**A hackathon for advancing the « Brick of Knowledge » through citizen debate, a learning time for hackathon attendees
while seeking to improve links with organisations for open models education.**

### Educational strategy for the hackathon

The event is an opportunity to provide education on open models in a variety of ways, a global strategy can be thought in
interaction with the whole hackathon ecosystem.

The project, the proposal during the hackathon could support education in open models for all the event's
participants, starting by core group members. By using the [faclab](https://www.faclab.org/) and deploying the [pedagogical
environment](https://zenodo.org/records/8021779) to train people and assist them in addressing these issues for their
own projects.

**A kind of open models education hub within a hackathon**, tools and practices that can be transferred to organisations
such as open geneva and faclab.

It's a way of working on this interaction between society/projects and a source of knowledge providing an opportunity
for hands-on practice to think and learn.

> The [Hack the Hackathon](https://hackthackathon.github.io/) workshops (6-10 November) will be a moment to improve the education
> strategy before the event, allowing us to think more in terms of a framework for open models education in hackathons.

### Related resources/projects

- Report Smart City Xperience 2022 « [Imagining the HEG as a skills hub for the Geneva of tomorrow](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.10013327) ». 
- Report « [Hacking the School](https://zenodo.org/records/10013549) »
- [HES-SO Centre for Scientific Information](https://www.hesge.ch/heg/en/actualites/2022/creation-du-centre-information-scientifique-hes-so) (CISO)
- [Swiss coalition on Open Education](https://openeducation.unige.ch/) + [Swiss Digital Skills Academy](https://d-skills.ch/)
- [Certificate of Open Studies](https://edutechwiki.unige.ch/en/Certificate-of-Open-Studies), University of Geneva (see [TECFA](https://tecfa.unige.ch/en/))
- [Hack the Hackathon](https://hackthackathon.github.io/)
