activity/events/README.md, before:

# Open Models Events

List of various events related to any open models where it might be interersting to attend or to organize activities.

## October (2023)

### International Open Access Week

Website: https://www.openaccessweek.org/  
Date: 23-29 October, hybrid/worldwide

**Theme: Community over Commercialization**

Open Access Week 2023 is an opportunity to join together, take action, and raise awareness around the importance of
community control of knowledge sharing systems.

## November (2023)

### Hack the Hackathon

Website: https://hackthackathon.github.io/  
Date: 6-10 November, Geneva (hybrid)

For this third iteration, we aim to build on conversations started at the first two workshops, as well as develop new
ideas and initiatives, and continue to grow and expand the community of hackathon practitioners and researchers.

### Open Education Conference

Website: https://openeducationconference.org/  
Date: 7-9 November, online

The Open Education Conference is an annual convening for sharing and learning about open educational resources, open
pedagogy, and open education initiatives.

### NGI - Unlocking the Power of Digital Commons

Website: https://ngiforum2023.eu/  
Date: 15-16 November

The NGI Forum 2023 is designed as a dynamic hub for visionary thinkers, policymakers, and technologists to delve into
the forefront of Europe's digital transformation. At its core, the forum places the spotlight on the concept of the
Digital Commons, which is particularly crucial for Europe, as it fosters equitable access to information, fuels
innovation, and bolsters digital sovereignty.  

## February (2024)

### Fosdem

Website: https://fosdem.org/2024/  
Date: 3-4 February, Brussels

FOSDEM is a two-day event organised by volunteers to promote the widespread use of free and open source software.

**Coalition info:** We had some propositions, we may organize something.

## March (2024)

### Open Education Week

Website: https://oeweek.oeglobal.org/  
Date: 4-8 March, hybrid/worldwide

An annual celebration, Open Education Week (OE Week) is an opportunity for actively sharing and learning about the
latest achievements in Open Education worldwide.

### Open Science Retreat

Website: https://openscienceretreat.eu/  
Date: 25-29 March, Schoorl, Netherlands

A week in which people from various disciplines come together to share knowledge, experiences, and best practices
related to open science.

Commit message:

events: add Open Innovation in Life Science (Zurich)

activity/events/README.md, after:

# Open Models Events

List of various events related to any open models where it might be interersting to attend or to organize activities.

## October (2023)

### International Open Access Week

Website: https://www.openaccessweek.org/  
Date: 23-29 October, hybrid/worldwide

**Theme: Community over Commercialization**

Open Access Week 2023 is an opportunity to join together, take action, and raise awareness around the importance of
community control of knowledge sharing systems.

### Open Innovation in Life Sciences

Website: https://oils23.b2match.io/
Date: 26-27 October, Zurich (hybrid)

Open Innovation in Life Sciences 2023 is a premier life science conference connecting researchers and professionals
across academia, industry, and society in the light of open science.

**Coalition info:** DRA team will be taking part.

## November (2023)

### Hack the Hackathon

Website: https://hackthackathon.github.io/  
Date: 6-10 November, Geneva (hybrid)

For this third iteration, we aim to build on conversations started at the first two workshops, as well as develop new
ideas and initiatives, and continue to grow and expand the community of hackathon practitioners and researchers.

### Open Education Conference

Website: https://openeducationconference.org/  
Date: 7-9 November, online

The Open Education Conference is an annual convening for sharing and learning about open educational resources, open
pedagogy, and open education initiatives.

### NGI - Unlocking the Power of Digital Commons

Website: https://ngiforum2023.eu/  
Date: 15-16 November

The NGI Forum 2023 is designed as a dynamic hub for visionary thinkers, policymakers, and technologists to delve into
the forefront of Europe's digital transformation. At its core, the forum places the spotlight on the concept of the
Digital Commons, which is particularly crucial for Europe, as it fosters equitable access to information, fuels
innovation, and bolsters digital sovereignty.  

## February (2024)

### Fosdem

Website: https://fosdem.org/2024/  
Date: 3-4 February, Brussels

FOSDEM is a two-day event organised by volunteers to promote the widespread use of free and open source software.

**Coalition info:** We had some propositions, we may organize something.

## March (2024)

### Open Education Week

Website: https://oeweek.oeglobal.org/  
Date: 4-8 March, hybrid/worldwide

An annual celebration, Open Education Week (OE Week) is an opportunity for actively sharing and learning about the
latest achievements in Open Education worldwide.

### Open Science Retreat

Website: https://openscienceretreat.eu/  
Date: 25-29 March, Schoorl, Netherlands

A week in which people from various disciplines come together to share knowledge, experiences, and best practices
related to open science.
